update guide with metadata_hostname change (#193)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurestack: website/docs/index.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

> * `metadata_hostname` - (Optional) The Azure Resource Manager FQDN for your Azure Stack instance, for example `management.westus.mydomain.com`. This can also be sourceed from the `ARM_METADATA_HOSTNAME` Environment Variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `metadata_host` - (Optional) The Azure Resource Manager FQDN for your Azure Stack instance, for example `management.westus.mydomain.com`. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_METADATA_HOSTNAME` Environment Variable.
```
